what's up guys my name is Dan chronic
your host on this ecology advanced
warfare video in today's video is
showcasing the new weapon now this
weapon is actually called the cel-3
cauterizer it's a very interesting gun
it's kind of a like to say blundergat
kind of gun it's a shotgun one-handed
type thing it shoots its barrels it's
got this weird firing mode the first
shot will of fire slowly but if you keep
shooting the shots it'll start to fire
faster so you can just hit the shot old
go and then rotating the go boo boo boo
so uh that's a weird thing I'm not sure
how to explain it other wise and just
like actually just telling you and it's
got a lot of really cool upgrades and
I'm just wanted to go over this video
just the cauterizer in general I this is
one of the best guns that is in the
actual the game currently the the DLC
stuff but I it's it compared to the
other Wonder weapon potentials and all
that stuff like the blender get it's
just not the type of scope that the the
trail work stuff has for their wonder
weapons if I had a choice between a ray
gun and put this gun I would definitely
take the ray gun but compared to this
gun and all the other guns it is
actually one of the best guns in there
so if you do upgrade it you can actually
up go to level 20 that for all your guns
and I did upgraded to up to level 4
think in this game before we actually
died but yeah that's the cauterizer you
it's it's just random I wouldn't try to
look at the box because you can't look
at the box and just try to look at it
and try to hit it right when the thing
pops up I wouldn't do that you have a
less chance of it getting it at that
point because you know that you're gonna
miss it so just keep it in the box data
randomly and it is a very very good gun
so I'm super excited for these kings but
you also one thing to note is that you
actually anybody are a bunch of people
in the game can have it at once I know
two of us had it at once so you don't
have to have it so only one person in
the game can I have it so i think that's
super duper awesome having four players
would just be absolutely phenomenal and
absolutely cool let me know what you
guys think of the weapon down below
about the carter Iser i'm having fun
with this game right now it's a lot of
people are like oh okay i'm bored but
like I'm having lots of fun we can't
wait to do some high round stuff play
with lots of people do lots of things
maybe some strats and polyps and I'm so
excited but let me know what you guys
think in the comments down below and
what you're excited for and yeah anyways
that's a video for guess today I hope
you guys enjoy it if you liked it make
sure you leave a like down below and
subscribe for more ecology advanced
warfare zombies
up here on the channel anyways I've been
your host diachronic and I'll see guests
on the next